Update BDR to TAE handoff + qualification rules (#17857)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/outbound-sales.md

What won’t change: qualify each step, solve a real problem, and don’t assume interest just because a task became an opportunity. Stay focused on their pain and you’ll earn the right to keep moving.

## How TAEs accept and work BDR opportunities

> Whether a BDR-sourced meeting becomes an opportunity is dependent on a set of fixed criteria to ensure the consistent and smooth handoff of qualified pipeline vs. simply converting oops based on vibes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether a BDR-sourced meeting becomes an opportunity is dependent on a set of fixed criteria to ensure the consistent and smooth handoff of qualified pipeline vs. simply converting opps based on vibes. 
```

### When a BDR meeting becomes an opp

Create an opportunity in `Problem Agreement` only when all of the following are true:

- **The meeting was held** - No-shows are not qualified. If rescheduled, fantastic - the meeting must happen before opportunity creation. 

> - **ICP fit is confirmed** — the account matches [who we build for](/handbook/who-we-build-for).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ICP fit is confirmed** — the account matches [who we build for](/handbook/who-we-build-for) or the "fit" for PostHog is otherwise undeniable.
```

Author: Good distinction to make here.

- **A specific pain is identified** — there is a concrete problem PostHog addresses.

> - **The prospect agrees the problem** is worth exploring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The prospect agrees the problem is worth exploring** -- as we're reaching out to these folks, they need to tell us it's a big enough problem to solve. 
```

> - **The prospect agrees the problem** is worth solving — this is what Problem Agreement means. The stage name is the entry test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The prospect agrees the problem** is worth exploring
```
Problem Agreement is necessary to exit Stage 1, not enter it. Here, I'd just look for some baseline level of commitment that the prospect wants to  proceed, and you have the concrete next step below.

> - **There's an active timeline** — they intend to do something about it inside a defined window (roughly the next two quarters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **There's a known timeline** — they intend to do something about it inside a defined window (roughly the next two quarters).
```

- **You have access to authority** — you're talking to, or have a confirmed path to, whoever decides or could champion PostHog internally. 

> - **A mutually-agreed next step** is on the calendar — demo, trial kickoff, technical eval, with a date. No committed next step, no opp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **A mutually-agreed next step** is on the calendar — demo, trial kickoff, technical eval, with a date. Ideally, we secure a verbal commitment on the call, and this is an emphasis point for TAEs. No committed next step, no opp.
```

> - **A mutually-agreed next step** is on the calendar — demo, trial kickoff, technical eval, with a date. No committed next step, no opp.

Reviewer 2: Ideally we secure a verbal commitment to the next step on the call itself, not just after writing the follow up email, and I agree with the next step being on the calendar is the best here.

Reviewer: Made a suggested change
